hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
give you a full play-by-play summary on
the classic sci-fi movie called the
black hole
if you like sci-fi then this is one to
watch
warning this is a spoiler alert but at
least you will get to know what the
movie is about and whether you want to
watch it or not hope you enjoy
by the way don't forget to hit the like
button and comment below
it may not seem like much but it really
helps us we can continue to make more
recaps like this one thanks in advance
in the year 2130 the deep space research
ship uss palomino is on a search for
intelligent non-human life on other
planets the crew is comprised of captain
dan holland lieutenant charles piser a
utility droid known as vincent dr alex
duran who is the navigator and science
officer dr kate mccree who is the
medical officer and empath and who
maintains a telepathic rapport with
vincent via her esp
lastly journalist harry booth after five
years of searching unsuccessfully the
palomino is now on her way back to earth
vincent notices a large swirling disc on
the monitors and suggests they correct
their course he then identifies the disc
as a huge black hole the largest ever
recorded in history while the crew is
fearfully discussing the deadly
possibilities of black holes vincent
displays something else a seemingly
derelict spacecraft standing off the
black holes event horizon the line of no
return and remaining motionless when it
should have been pulled in heiser and
booth are more surprised to find a
spacecraft so far away from home since
the palomino was supposed to be the
first spaceship to get this far into
space than they are by the black hole
the ship is identified as the uss cygnus
commanded by german scientist hans
reinhardt which went missing over 20
years ago after failing to obey recall
instructions after its mission was
pronounced a failure
furthermore booth recalls reinhardt as
arrogant pretentious and completely
unconcerned about the worth of taxpayers
money
the cygnus on the other hand has a
special meaning for the paulimenno crew
its exo frank mccree is kate's father
holland against his better judgment
follows piser endurance advice and sets
out to meet the cygnus
as they get closer they are affected by
the black holes immense gravity the
gravity however vanishes as they get
closer durn theorizes that something
from the cygnus is to blame but no one
on board can say for sure
the palomino abruptly separates from
cygnus and is on the verge of being
dragged into the black hole
palomino manages to flee but is
seriously damaged and requires immediate
replacement parts so when the paulo
minnow once again comes under the
protective influence of the cygnusy's
gravity the crews start to look for a
way to land their ship and board when
suddenly cygnus entire lights come on as
if to welcome them paula minogax was
cygnus and the crew disembarks but piser
is asked to remain back they enter a
vestibule where automated laser fire
takes out their weapons and renders
vincent incapacitated he hasn't been
badly hurt but his combat procedures
have been disabled before the crew goes
ahead holland contacts paiser to inform
them that they have been disarmed but
are unharmed they then board an
automated transporter which is part of a
ship-wide transportation system and
proceed to cygnus's control tower they
take an elevator up to the control tower
where they find a crew of strange
looking humanoids dressed in hooded
robes and wearing mirrored faceplates
though the humanoids seem to ignore them
they attract the attention of a red
limitating war machine who dares vincent
to a fight without saying anything
dr reinhart comes from the shadows and
tells the two robots to stand down
before they can engage in combat he
identifies the battle machine as his
cybernetic master at arms maximilian
according to reinhardt he is the sole
human on board
after a meteor storm rendered cygnus
inoperable he and frank mccree stayed
behind to fix it while the rest of the
crew abandoned cygnus in an attempt to
reach earth never to be seen again
mccree has since died he also reveals or
rather openly declares that he defied
his recall orders because he intends to
investigate the black hole and pilot his
spacecraft in through and beyond it to
another realm he believes exists
when a team of armored sentry robots
escorts and paiser their chat is
interrupted
reinhardt diffuses the issue and then
offers to give their ship the palomino
extra components
piser and vincent are in charge of
requisitioning the components they want
and they come upon bob an old rusty
sanitation droid who has been abandoned
since the human crew vanished
meanwhile holland comes upon six of the
humanoids performing what appears to be
a funeral for one of their own
he also discovers crew rooms with
furniture and uniforms which is
inconsistent with the ship being
abandoned completely booth also notices
the ship's on-board garden which is the
size of a forest and certainly large
enough to feed an army as well as the
silent humanoid groundskeeper's visible
limp the palomino crew reconvenes to
discuss what they've observed and while
holland is eager to accept the extra
parts and leave cygnus as soon as
possible durant and mccree are
interested about reinhardt's black hole
reconnaissance intentions reinhardt
sends out an experimental probe shipped
to map the black hole's event horizon
then invites the palomino crew to a
dinner party where he will discuss his
findings vincent plays out in a shooting
gallery with bob and other century
robots headed by their prototype captain
star while reinhardt entertains the
palomino crew in his vast victorian
inspired dining hall
bob reveals that before reinhardt
constructed maximilian starr was the
master at arms and that he is also
responsible for most of bob's
maltreatment throughout the years bob is
challenged to his shooting match which
star wins only because he distracted bob
by nudging him while he was shooting
bob then admits that he purposefully let
star win in order to prevent revenge
vincent is enraged and dare's start to a
fight
despite stars cheating vincent still
defeats him and star is so enraged by
his failure that he actually blows a
fuse
bob is so impressed that he invites
vincent to meet him in the parts storage
area
reinhardt is excitedly discussing his
study with his new guests within the
dining hall
reinhardt leaves himself to debrief the
pilot when maximilian informs him that
the probe ship has returned
holland and booth examined the
contradictions they've uncovered in
reinhardt's account after he's gone
although holland and booth believe
reinhardt is mad durant wants to give
him the benefit of the doubt bob
restores vincent's fighting protocols to
100 and tells him the actual story the
humanoids are not robots at all but the
crew of the cygnus who have been reduced
to drone-like mentality by a series of
laser prefrontal lobotomies
two sentry robots locate the two robots
as they are reconnoitering the sick bay
where some maintenance lobotomies are
taking place they are destroyed and the
evidence is hidden by vincent and bob
they then rejoin holland piser and puth
who have returned to palomino while
durrant and mccree stay in reinhardt's
control tower
bob tells the three men what really
happened to the crew and when the recall
order was refused frank mccree attempted
to relieve reinhardt of his command
reinhard accused mr mccrea mutiny and
then killed him he then had his sentry
robots capture the rest of the crew and
subject them to the prefrontal
lobotomies that have turned them into
humanoid robots reinhardt and maximilian
discover the remains of the two century
robots bob and vincent were forced to
destroy and decide that it is now time
to liquidate their guests
vincent is ordered by holland to contact
mccreevey at esp and order her to return
to palomino with or without durant and
to explain her why
as a result mccree informs during that
reinhardt is a killer and that the
control towers so-called robots are
actually the original crew
during takes offer crewman's helmet
revealing his human face beneath
maximilian abruptly breaks away from his
post and quickly murders durant which
makes mccree sick to her stomach
reinhard scolds maximilian who
nevertheless returns to his post
reinhardt then appeals to mccree to
somehow protect him from maximilian
whereupon mccree denounces him to his
face and says if there is any justice at
all the black hole will be your grave as
of retaliation reinhard has mccree taken
to sickbay be lobotomized
vincent informs holland on board the
palomino that durn has died and mccree
has been transferred to sick bay
to the dismay of reinhardt who watches
on a video monitor holland vincent and
bob race to the cygnus's sick bay rescue
mccree and kill half a platoon of sentry
robots in a fierce fight
reinhardt directs the sentry robots to
kill any illegal humanoids on that
portion of the ship then tells
maximilian to let palomino take off and
then destroy it with the cygnus's laser
guns from a safe distance while he
prepares to descend into the black hole
when the allotted time passes booth is
eager to write off holland and mccree as
dead and leave
pisa refuses insisting on a rescue
attempt succumbing to cowardice booth
feigns an injury so that piser will let
him return to the ship holland mccree
and the droids find themselves pinned
down by sentry robots as they get closer
to the palomino but piser armed with
twin pistols manages to outflank the
attackers booth then tries to take off
in the paulo minnow alone
endangering the cygnus and himself due
to his poor piloting skills he nearly
hits the control tower before cygnus's
laser cannons shoot him down the
palomino then crashes into cygnus in a
near-miss that causes some minor but
critical damage the palomino crew now
have only one avenue of escape the probe
ship
the cygnus is getting hit by a shower of
meteors as it approaches the black hole
seriously damaging its hull and shutting
off its emergency reactors and zero
gravity generators the palomino
survivors must avoid a massive red-hot
meteor that slams into the ship and
travels the length of the main hallway
as well as passing through the ship's
garden when it is broken all while
evading and fighting sentry robots in
the control the humanoid crew receive
alarming signs that the ship is now
subject to structural overload reinhardt
orders maximilian to prepare the probe
ship for launch
as maximilian starts to leave a seven
foot video monitor tears loose from its
fastenings and crashes to the deck
pinning reinhardt beneath it in a hint
of the poetic justice that he will
eventually receive reinhardt cries out
for help first a maximilian who
apparently deserves him to make his own
escape in the probe ship and then to his
lobotomized crew who of course cannot
understand him
maximilian is the first to arrive at the
probe ship docking hoist and ambushes
the remaining palminino crew
vincent assaults maximilian after bob is
brought down and paiser is knocked out
allowing holland paiser and mccree time
to board the probe ship vincent and
maximilian battle with every device they
have culminating with maximilian
grabbing vincent in a bare grip and
attempting to electrocute him vincent
reacts by disabling maximilian's
anti-gravity stabilizers with his
cutting arms sending him spiraling out
of control through a whole breach and
into the black hole
bob unable to operate any longer bids
vincent farewell before he boards the
probe ship holland takes off as the
cygnus becomes entangled in the swirl of
star debris and it surrounds the black
hole mangled into an unrecognizable mass
holland attempts to steer clear of the
black hole but receives no response
vincent quickly understands that the
spacecraft has been programmed to obey
reinhardt's instructions
a direct plunge into the black hole's
vortex funnel the crew unable to change
the path of events decide to hope that
reinhardt was a genius the probe ship
takes its straight dive down the black
red vortex and into the black hole
as it does the crews start to hear
voices reinhardts and their own
repeating words spoken long ago an
effect of the tremendous time dilation
as space-time has been suddenly the
scene turns to reinhardt who is drifting
aimlessly in the black hole's crimson
vortex in the exact posture he took
before the seven-foot monitor in the
tower cab crushed him then he catches up
with maximilian or rather maximilian who
has been waiting for him now takes him
in an unbreakable embrace and draws him
closer until reinhardt becomes
maximilian which the observer notices
because maximilian's charge coupler
optical device has become a simple visor
out of which reinhardt's terrified eyes
suddenly stare
worse yet reinhardt now inside
maximilian finds himself standing on a
basalt land mass over a fire-covered
craggy landscape accompanied by his
lobotomized crew as the view withdraws
from them and pans down and then forward
to show signace's crew and then the
fiery lake behind them the viewer
realizes that they are all quite simply
in hell
then a church window-shaped portal opens
and the viewpoint rushes through it and
through an arch corridor through which a
road figure arms outstretched floats
past the viewer and forward
next the viewpoint picks up on the probe
ship now heading toward the viewer and
out of a nebula-like star aboard holland
piser mccree and vincent awaken from an
apparent trance and realize that they
are headed toward a bright light in
space not the harsh lethal light of a
star but a very pleasant warm light
they sit back and let the probe ship
take them toward the light which is
apparently a white hole the portal of
heaven the so-called four survivors of
the uss palomino have put the black hole
behind them forever the end
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
subscribe and hit the notification
button so you get alerted next time we
upload a new video also don't forget to
smash the like button and comment below
see you soon and thanks for watching